# Sign up

Start here

How to sell on Amazon: a guide for beginners

Get an overview of how to create a selling account, list products, fulfill customer orders, and more. Learn how to sell—whether you’re new to online retail or just new to selling in the Amazon store.

Welcome to Amazon selling—where customer obsession is key

Amazon is one of the most trusted brands in the US. We work hard to provide every customer with what they need when they need it—and we’re excited every time a new seller joins our community and starts providing Amazon customers with an even wider selection of products. It’s no secret: you’re a big part of how we offer the best shopping experience possible.

More than 60% of sales in the Amazon store come from independent sellers

|Why independent sellers choose Amazon|Video 29:27|
|---|---|
|Why do so many independent sellers choose Amazon as a channel for their business?|How to sell on Amazon for beginners (step-by-step tutorial)|
|Because they get to sell in a store that more customers trust—and they get to do it with higher-impact tools and programs that cost less than alternatives. That means more|Learn about steps involved in your journey for selling your product on the|
---
# opportunities for growth and more chances to Amazon store.

transform how you sell.

# Get ready to sell

|Choose a selling plan|Get ready to sell|
|---|---|
|Create an account|Choose a selling plan|
|Configure your account|We offer two selling plans so you can choose the right package of tools and services for the right price.|
|Enroll your brand| |

# List products

# Price products

# Select a fulfillment method

# Monitor performance

# Promote and advertise products

- Get product reviews

# Grow with tools and programs

Pick your selling plan

BACK TO TOP

Create a Seller Central account

After choosing your selling plan, you’ll register with Amazon and create a Seller Central account. You can create your account using the email address associated with your Amazon customer account, or you can create it using a separate business email address.

Before you create your Seller Central account, make sure you have the following:

- Bank account and routing number
- Internationally chargeable credit card
- Government-issued ID
- Tax information
- Phone number

Create your Amazon seller account

Configure your Seller Central account

Once you’ve completed seller registration, you’ll have access to your Seller Central account. You can think of Seller Central as your hub for selling in the Amazon store. You can use it to list and price products, manage your inventory, and fulfill customer orders. You can also use tools in Seller Central to create promotions and coupons, track payments and expenses, and much more. Consider adding other users to your account if you’d like help with certain tasks.
---
Before you start selling, you’ll want to configure your Seller Central account for your business. Make sure you review, confirm, or adjust the following, as needed:

Public seller profile

Payment and business information

Shipping and returns settings

Tax information and settings

Notification preferences

Login settings

User permissions

Go mobile

Use the free Amazon Seller app

The Amazon Seller app is packed with features to help you manage and grow your ecommerce business wherever you are. It gives you the freedom to take care of business details right from your phone or tablet. Learn more about the Amazon Seller app

Enroll your brand

If you’re the rights owner for an eligible brand, we recommend enrolling it in Amazon Brand Registry before you list your products. That makes it easier to associate your products with your brand name. Brand Registry is free and provides sellers with a suite of additional selling benefits and protection tools.

After enrolling your brand:

You’ll have greater control over the information on your product detail pages.

You’ll be able to access no-cost tools like A+ Content, Stores, Manage Your Experiments, and Brand Analytics, which can help you grow your audience and increase sales.
---
# You’ll enjoy automated protections for your brand and access to additional reporting options.

Enroll your brand in Amazon Brand Registry

Don't have an Amazon seller account yet? Sign up

List products

Understand the product detail page

If you’ve shopped in the Amazon store, you’ll recognize the product detail page. It’s where customers find all relevant information about an item.

When multiple sellers offer the same product, Amazon combines their offers on one product detail page to make it easier for customers to find, compare, and purchase items.

Learn how to boost your listings and drive sales
---
# Images

500 x 500 or 1,000 x 1,000 pixels to increase listing quality

# Variations

Such as different colors, scents, or sizes

# Bullet points

Short, descriptive sentences highlighting key features and benefits

Video 8:25

Intro to product detail

# Featured offer ("Buy Box")

The featured offer on a detail page. Customers can add to their cart or “Buy Now”

Learn what a product detail page is and who can create, suggest updates, and match offers to one.

Learn best practices for each key element of a product detail page in the Amazon store.

# Other offers

The same product sold by multiple sellers offering a different price, shipping options, etc.

# Description

Keywords improve the chances that people will find your listing

Boost engagement with better listings

Did you enroll your brand in Brand Registry? Help customers understand and engage with your products with A+ Content and 3D models.

# A+ Content

Showcase your products and tell your brand’s story by adding video, enhanced images, product-comparison charts, and other features to your product detail pages.

Learn more about A+ Content

Basic A+ Content can increase sales by up to 8%--and well-implemented Premium A+ Content can increase sales by up to 20%.

3D models and augmented reality

Give customers an immersive shopping experience. Let them see a product from all sides with View in 3D, or give them the opportunity to see it in their own space with View in Your Room. You can also let customers see themselves in shoes and eyewear in real time with Virtual Try-On.

Learn more about 3D models

On average, customers who viewed a listing with a 3D model were 2x more likely to
---
# Make a purchase after viewing the product

In 3D or trying it on virtually.

1Amazon internal data, 2022

# Make sure your products are safe and compliant

Customers trust that they can always buy with confidence in the Amazon store. Products offered for sale in the Amazon store must comply with all laws and regulations, as well as Amazon policies. Before you start the listing process, make sure your understand our Product safety and Restricted products policies.

# Find or obtain a product ID (GTIN)

The primary tool we use to pair a seller’s offer with the correct product detail page is a product ID, also called a Global Trade Item Number (GTIN). It can often be found on packaging above or below the product’s barcode. The most common GTIN used by Amazon sellers is a UPC, but you might also find an ISBN, EAN, or JAN on your product.

In some cases, you might need to obtain a GTIN for a product from Global Standards. In rare cases, you might apply for a GTIN exemption from Amazon.

# Match or create a product listing

If the product you want to sell is already in the Amazon store, you can use its GTIN to match an offer to the existing product detail page. If a product isn’t already in the Amazon store, you’ll need to create a new product detail page and can add your offer information simultaneously.

All sellers can match or create product listings one at a time. Professional sellers can also match or create product listings in bulk.

Your ability to list a product in the Amazon store can depend on its category, condition, and brand. In some cases, you’ll need to apply to sell a product, category, or brand. You’ll be prompted to do so during the listing process.

Video 7:51

Intro to listing products in the Amazon store

Learn what you need before you list products and how to match offers and create product detail pages both one at a time and in bulk.

# Listing: product categories and conditions
---
# Product categories

|Product category|Categories without restrictions|
|---|---|
|Amazon Device Accessories|Amazon devices accessories|
|Amazon Kindle|Kindle devices accessories|
|Beauty|Fragrance, skincare, makeup, hair care, bath & shower (topicals require approval). See also Health & Personal Care.|
|Books|Books, calendars, card decks, sheet music, magazines, journals, other publications|
|Business Products (B2B)|Business-relevant products across multiple categories. Special pricing features to target business customers.|
|Beauty Tools & Accessories|Brushes, bags, cases, skin care tools, hair styling tools|
|Camera & Photo|Cameras, camcorders, telescopes|
|Cell Phones|Cell phones and accessories must be listed using the manufacturer’s Universal Product Code (UPC).|
|Clothing & Accessories|Outerwear, athletic wear, innerwear, belts, wallets|
|Electronics Accessories|Audio, video, camera, photo, cell phone, car electronics, computer, and office accessories|
|Fashion Jewelry|Jewelry that does not contain precious or semi-precious gemstones, pearls, metals|
|Grocery & Gourmet Food|See grocery & gourmet category details on Seller Central|
---
# Home & Garden

Kitchen, dining, pet supplies, furniture, décor, bedding, bath, craft, hobby, home appliances, storage, patio, lawn, garden, pool supplies, landscaping, snow removal, generators

# Luggage & Travel Accessories

Luggage, bags, backpacks, briefcases, umbrellas, travel accessories

# Musical Instruments

Guitars, orchestra, recording equipment

# Office Products

Supplies, furniture, printers, calculators

# Outdoors

Outdoor gear, outdoor sports apparel, cycling, and action sports

# Shoes, Handbags & Sunglasses

Shoes, boots, sandals, slippers, handbags, sunglasses, eyewear frames

# Software & Computer Games

Business, media education, utility, security, children's software and PC games

# Sports

Exercise & fitness, hunting accessories, team sports, licensed/fan shop, athletic apparel, boating & fishing, and game room

# Tools & Home Improvement

Hand & power tools, plumbing, electrical, building materials, appliance parts

# Toys & Games

Action figures, dolls, board games, arts, crafts, furniture, learning toys (holiday selling requirements apply)

# Video Games & Video Game Consoles

Game consoles, console games, accessories

# Categories with restrictions

Listing: brands

If a product is part of a brand enrolled in Amazon Brand Registry, only three types of sellers can create its product detail page using our standard listing processes:

- the original rights owner who enrolled the brand
- other sellers internal to the brand
---
resellers who’ve been associated with the brand

After a product is listed by one of the above sellers, others sellers can match offers to its product detail page. They may be prompted to complete a brand selling application first.

Amazon jargon: ASIN

Every product in the Amazon store is automatically assigned an ASIN, or Amazon Standard Identification Number. This number is different from a GTIN and SKU. If you don’t have a GTIN for a product, you can try to match an offer to an existing product detail page using its ASIN instead.

Don't have an Amazon seller account yet?

Sign up

Price products

Before you set prices for your products, you’ll want to get familiar with key concepts we use to organize and support pricing in the Amazon store.

- Competitive external price: the lowest price for an item from major retailers outside Amazon. We share competitive external prices with sellers. For your own price to be considered competitive, your standard item price, plus shipping, must be less than or equal to the competitive external price.
- Featured Offer: the offer a customer often sees near the top of a product detail page with ‘Buy Now’ and ‘Add to Cart’ buttons. To compete for the Featured Offer, a seller must set a competitive price and have a Professional selling plan. The product also needs to be in new condition.
- Lowest Amazon price: the lowest price currently offered by a seller in the Amazon store. We share the current lowest Amazon price to give sellers who list a product the opportunity to match or beat it.

Want to optimize your prices? Learn how the Automate pricing tool can help you become the Featured Offer for a product in the Amazon store.
---
# Video 11:07

Intro to pricing products in the Amazon store

Find out what a competitive price, lowest price, and Featured Offer are. Get an overview of how sellers set static prices and apply dynamic pricing rules to their products.

# Select your fulfillment method

You have two basic options for getting customers their stuff:

1. You can fulfill orders yourself, maintaining your own inventory and shipping products directly to customers. We call pis merchant-fulfilled shipping (MFN).
2. You can send your inventory to Amazon and have us pick, pack, and deliver products prough Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA). FBA also takes care of customer service and returns.

Each method has its own benefits—and you can decide which one is right for each product you sell. If you’re a current seller, you can also use our Revenue Calculator to compare estimates for FBA and your own fulfillment method.

# Considering FBA?

Find out if the program is worth it for your business

# Video 6:27

Introduction on How to Ship Products on Your Own

In this video you will get an overview on merchant fulfilled shipping, guidelines on packaging, understand your shipping / cancellation metrics, guidelines to maintain positive customer experience.

# Video 5:12

How Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) works

Learn how to use Amazon FBA to offer Prime shipping to your customers and have Amazon pick, pack, and ship orders on your behalf. In this video, you’ll learn how FBA works and where to access additional FBA tools and resources.
---
# Monitor your performance

To sell in the Amazon store, you’re required to comply with all applicable laws and Amazon policies. Our Account Health dashboard provides an overview of your account’s adherence to policies and various performance targets.

# Customer Service Performance

Your customer-service performance is measured using what we call an Order Defect Rate (ODR). Your ODR is the percentage of your orders with one or more indicators of poor customer service. That could be negative customer feedback or a credit-card chargeback. We require sellers to maintain an ODR under 1%.

Looking for help with customer service? Explore Customer Service by Amazon

# Account Health Rating

We provide sellers an overview of their compliance with key Amazon selling policies, including our intellectual-property, authenticity, listing, and restricted-product policies. To maintain a ‘Good’ rating, make sure to address any policy violations listed on your Account Health dashboard. If your rating is ‘At Risk’ or ‘Critical’, your account may be at risk of deactivation.

# Shipping Performance

You can use three metrics to help assess the health of your MFN shipping performance:

Your Late Shipment Rate (LSR) is pe percentage of your seller-fulfilled orders pat have a shipping confirmation after peir expected shipping date. You should aim to keep it below 4%.
Your Pre-fulfillment Cancel Rate (CR) is pe percentage of seller-fulfilled orders you cancel. You should aim to keep it below 2.5%.
---
Your Valid Tracking Rate (VTR) is the percentage of packages from your seller-fulfilled orders with a valid tracking number. You should aim to keep it above 95%.

Don't have an Amazon seller account yet?

Sign up

Promote and advertise products

Use no-cost promotions and pay-per-click advertising to help your products and brands reach more customers.

Create coupons that appear on the Amazon Coupons page, in search results, and on product detail pages.

Offer percentage-off and buy-one-get-one promotions that appear as part of a Featured Offer.

Create Lighting and 7-Day Deals that appear on the Amazon Deals page. This is an option popular around shopping events like Prime Day.

Create Sponsored Products ads that feature a single product and appear in, alongside, and above customer search results in the Amazon store.

Use Sponsored Brands ads to feature up to three products, as well as a logo and headline. Or create a Sponsored Brands campaign with an auto-playing video that features a single product. These ads appear prominently above, alongside, and below search results.
---
# Create Sponsored Display ads

Create Sponsored Display ads that feature a single product and can appear both in and beyond the Amazon store after a customer has viewed a product detail page, or if their other browsing behaviors show they’re interested in a product.

Learn more about advertising

Get product reviews

After a customer buys a product, they can leave a public product review, a seller-feedback rating, or both. Try these tips to improve your chances of getting positive reviews and ratings:

- Accurately represent a product on your product detail page.
- Pack your products to help prevent damage during delivery.
- Ship orders on time if you’re an MFN seller.
- Provide customer refunds for products returned within 30 days of purchase.
- Respond to customer messages within 24 hours.
- Provide valid tracking numbers so customers can track their orders.

Eligible brands can use tools like Amazon Vine to generate reviews for their products. Make sure you’re familiar with the right and wrong ways to get more product reviews and avoid policy violations.

Learn about customer product reviews policies

Grow with tools and programs
---
# New Seller Guide

Speed matters-and for Amazon sellers the first 90 days are especially critical. That's why we invented the New Seller Guide, a set of brand, logistics, pricing, and promotional services that are backed by data science and designed to fuel the growth of new sellers.

Sellers who adopt services in the New Seller Guide can take advantage of over $50,000 in New Seller Incentives.

Learn more

# More tools and programs

Looking for more ways to reach customers, sell products, and manage your business? Explore no-cost options and cost-effective tools and programs Amazon offers to help your business grow.

# Drive online sales for your products

Learn how to get started selling with Amazon.

|Sell clothes|Sell furniture|Amazon Global|Sell jewelry|Sell shoes|Amazon|Sell books|Get more product ideas|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| | |Selling Global expansion has a lot of moving parts, but with Amazon Global Selling, you can use Amazon infrastructure to get your products in front of a worldwide audience.| | |Business Business customers tend to buy more items in larger quantities. They also tend to return items less. Use a suite of B2B features to help attract more business customers.| |Product Opportunity Explorer Get ideas for new products or offers. Product Opportunity Explorer generates insights about Amazon customer search and purchase behavior.|

Start selling today - Put your products in front of the millions of customers who search Amazon.com every day.

Sign up

$39.99 a month + selling fees

Just have a few items to sell? Sign up to become an individual seller

Home | Sell

English | United States | Feedback

Sell with Amazon | Selling Programs | Amazon for Brands | Resources | Tools
---
# Sell online

|Fulfillment by Amazon|Online store builder|Selling Partner Blog|
|---|---|---|
|Login to your seller account| | |

# How to sell on Amazon

|Amazon Brand Registry|Seller University|
|---|---|
|Amazon Advertising|Seller Central Help|
|Global selling|Brand management|
|Product reviews|Accelerate Seller Event|
|Black Business Accelerator|Customer Behavior Analytics|
|More ways to make money| |

# How much does it cost?

Product ideas

# What is dropshipping?

Sell books online

Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | © 2024, Amazon.com Services LLC.