# Sign up

Home | Tools | Amazon seller app

Manage your online business on the go with the Amazon seller app

The Amazon Seller app allows you to manage online business details remotely by creating listings, tracking sales, fulfilling orders, responding to customers, and more—all from your mobile device.

# Summary

Choosing to sell online with Amazon doesn't just give you access to millions of shoppers, it also gives you access to ecommerce tools to help manage and grow your business. One of these tools is the Amazon Seller app. This ecommerce app—free for Amazon sellers—allows you to manage an online store from anywhere, giving you more control over how you run your ecommerce business.

# What is the Amazon Seller app?

The free Amazon Seller app is packed with features that help you manage and grow your Amazon seller account wherever you are. It gives you the freedom to take care of business without being tied to a desk or an office.

Ecommerce business owners commonly struggle with:

- Spending too much time trying to find third-party tools to keep track of sales and listings
- Needing to be on-site to manage orders and inventory or change a product price quickly
- Staying on top of customer reviews, requests, and questions

Have you experienced challenges like these? Do you wish you could get instant notifications for urgent matters wherever you are?
---
# Using the Amazon Seller app can help you:

- Save time with quick and easy access to sales, listings, and other store features
- Manage inventory and product prices remotely
- Improve store performance by keeping up with customer reviews and requests

The Amazon Seller app sends instant notifications so you can resolve issues as they arise and minimize any disruptions to your ecommerce business.

Did you know?

Amazon supports small businesses with tools, insights, and data. Amazon has invested tens of billions in infrastructure and built hundreds of tools and free resources to help independent sellers succeed on Amazon—including data analytics to help independent sellers better understand and reach customers.

Check out free tools for ecommerce brand owners.

# 10 benefits of using the free Amazon Seller app

The benefits of using this ecommerce tool are many—and growing. With the Amazon Seller app, you can:

1. Analyze sales
2. Fulfill orders
3. Find products to sell
4. Manage offers, inventory, and returns
5. Respond to customer messages quickly

Go mobile

Ready to manage your business on the go?

Download the Amazon Seller app for iPhone on the Apple Store or for Android on Google Play.
---
# Stay current with inventory and pricing alerts

# Manage Sponsored Product campaigns

# Access product-level inventory details

# Easily research and sell products

# Create listings and edit professional-quality product photos

One of the best upsides? The Amazon Seller app is free.

Learn how to use the Seller App

Did you know?

The Amazon Seller app can improve your performance

By actively using the ecommerce app, sellers may earn more sales by earning a higher store rating, having a lower account suspension rate, and having the ability to respond faster to buyer messages.

Download the Amazon Seller app for iPhone on the Apple Store or for Android on Google Play.

App features for running your ecommerce business remotely

You can use the Amazon Seller app to search for and find products to sell. Whenever inspiration strikes you, the visual search feature scans products with or without a barcode and instantly helps you discover details about products listed in Amazon stores.

Here are more ways you can use the tool to streamline your business operations:

- Create product listings
- - Add offers to existing listings or create new catalog products to sell.
- Use your mobile device’s camera to scan barcodes, take product photos, and upload documents.

Edit product photos for free
---
# Manage product inventory

- Navigate product-level inventory details.
- Get aggregated analytics and information.
- Optimize inventory decisions and check the status of fulfillment channels.
- View Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) inbound statistics or status statistics.
- Make Fulfilled by Merchant quantity changes.

# Manage pricing

- Get product-level pricing details and make pricing changes and updates.
- Get a “fee preview” of a product--estimated fees if the product is sold.
- View low price match and Featured Offer price.
- View competitor offers.
- Use the profitability calculator to estimate product margin, which tells you how much the product sells for above the actual cost of the product itself.

# Learn the lingo: Featured Offer

A key feature of the Amazon website is that multiple sellers can offer the same product. The Featured Offer is the box on the right side of the Amazon product detail page where customers can buy the product now or add to their shopping carts. To give customers the best possible shopping experience, sellers must meet performance-based requirements to be eligible to become the Featured Offer. For many sellers, placement can lead to increased sales.

Learn more about the Featured Offer

# Fulfill orders

- Receive push notifications to know when products sell.
- View pending orders and account status updates.
- Manage returns and issue refunds.
- If you use FBA to outsource order fulfillment, you can check the status of FBA shipments.
- Get shipment updates to make sure orders are in process, in transit, or completed.
---
# Track and analyze sales

Get a quick status update by tracking sales and keeping an eye on sales growth.

Drill down into product-level sales over time.

View top-selling products.

Use charts to track year-to-date sales performance and sales by date range.

Compare performance to past years and monitor key performance indicators.

# Stay on top of customer service and engagement

Get instant notifications when customers inquire about products.

Use the Seller Feedback Manager to manage and post public replies to customer feedback.

Check messages and use customizable email templates to reply to common questions.

Share products on social media with one tap.

# Manage promotions

Special Deals: Monitor deal performance on the Deals Dashboard, tracking the performance of Lightning Deals and 7-Day Deals.

Sponsored Products: Manage and make adjustments to Sponsored Products campaigns.

- Track ad spend, impressions, and average cost-per-click (CPC) of all campaigns in a preferred time range.
- Update daily budget for each campaign and modify keyword settings.
- Edit ad groups to organize by a common theme. Modify ad campaigns and keywords to tailor them to your target audience.
- Update bids and pause individual campaigns.

# Leverage additional management tools

Account Health: Keep an eye on essential metrics in one place with the Account Dashboard. Get visibility into your account’s adherence to Amazon’s performance targets and policies.

Go mobile

Ready to manage your business on the go?

Download the Amazon Seller app for iPhone on the Apple Store or for Android on Google Play.
---
# Get visibility into service performance metrics such as Order Defect Rate, Cancellation Rate, Late Shipment Rate, Valid Tracking Rate, On-time Delivery Rate, and Return Dissatisfaction Rate.

Monitor product policy compliance with complaints or violation tracking.

See top banner alerts if your account is at risk of deactivation or if it has been deactivated, and one click will list reasons for account status.

# User Permissions:

Share access with your team and control user permissions. Whether they sign in using the app or a computer, users have identical access to their Seller Central accounts with the same user rights and roles as they have with the Seller Central website.

# International Sales:

Manage global business efficiently with a single sign-in. One-tap country switch and business.

# Seller Support:

Quickly send questions to the Seller Support team. Reply to ongoing support cases via case log and resolve issues efficiently.

# How to get the Amazon Seller app

1. Sign up on Amazon
Signing up is easy. Choose which selling plan is right for you and create an account. If you are already an Amazon seller, this free tool is already available to you.

Sign up
2. Download the app
Currently available for iOS and Android in 11 marketplaces.
3. Log in and start exploring
When you open the app for the first time, you’ll see new feature announcements and a help menu.

# Summary

What is the Amazon Seller app?

10 benefits

# App features

How to get the Amazon Seller App

# FAQ

# Is there an app for Amazon sellers?

Yes. Amazon Seller is Amazon’s free mobile app that helps you manage your Amazon business remotely. Once you choose a selling plan and register, you
---
can download the Seller app from the Apple Store or Google Play.

# What is the Amazon Seller app?

Amazon Seller is Amazon’s free mobile app that helps you manage your ecommerce business from anywhere. This ecommerce app gives you the power to handle business details conveniently from your mobile device.

Along with other features, you can use it to:

- Track and fulfill orders
- Search and find products to sell
- Manage pricing, offers, inventory, and returns
- Stay on top of customer service and respond to customer messages quickly
- Stay current with inventory and pricing alerts
- Manage Sponsored Product campaigns and access product-level inventory details
- Easily create listings and edit professional-quality product photos
- Analyze sales over time and manage campaigns
- Set up instant notifications

# How do I use the Amazon Seller app?

To use this free ecommerce app, first set up a seller account. Then download the app from the Apple Store or Google Play. When you set it up, it syncs with your Amazon seller account, and helps you manage business details from anywhere with an internet connection.

# How to use Seller App

How much does the Amazon Seller app cost? Is the Amazon Seller app free?

The Amazon Seller app is free. Download the app from the Apple Store or Google Play. Once you log in, you can manage business details right from your mobile device.

Are there any free tools for Amazon sellers?

Yes, many free tools for Amazon sellers are designed to help small- and medium-sized businesses grow. Amazon has invested tens of billions in infrastructure and built hundreds of tools and free resources to help independent sellers succeed in Amazon stores—including data analytics to help independent sellers better understand and reach customers.

Go mobile with the Amazon Seller app, available on Apple Store or Google Play. The tool gives you the power to handle business details conveniently from your mobile device.

What are some useful apps for Amazon sellers?

Amazon sellers have many valuable tools at their fingertips. For example, Amazon Seller is Amazon’s free ecommerce app that helps you manage an Amazon store.

The Amazon Partner Network is an excellent place to find automated solutions to
---
# manage and grow your business, available from external developers and Amazon.

Browse hundreds of tech solutions filtered by category, reviews, pricing, language, and more.

How easy is it to sell products on Amazon?

Entrepreneurs are creators, using their ideas to start, build, invent, and experiment. Amazon works to support and empower businesses through resources, learning tools, logistics, services, and programs. Tools like Seller University training videos and Seller Central Forums exist to help you learn how to manage inventory, handle order fulfillment, and grow your ecommerce business.

If you want to sell products on Amazon, here’s the rundown of how to get started:

1. Choose between an Individual or Professional selling plan
2. Create an account
3. List products
4. Fulfill orders
5. Make money

If you’re starting a new ecommerce business, and have a Professional seller account, Amazon offers even more free tools and resources to help you along the way, including the Amazon Seller app (available on Apple Store or Google Play).

Need a little inspiration? Check out this list of 38 business ideas to see real-life examples of sellers who’ve built a business selling online.

Ten quick tips to help you succeed selling on Amazon
Watch Video

Whether you want to take your idea and start a side hustle for extra cash, or go all-in by launching your own full-time business, Amazon offers tools and support to help you build and grow a thriving ecommerce business. Check out the beginners guide to selling on Amazon for a step-by-step breakdown.

Sign up

# Grow your business on Amazon
---
- Home
- Tools
- Amazon Seller App

English | United States | Feedback

# Sell with Amazon

Selling Programs
Amazon for Brands
Resources
Tools

# Sell online

Fulfillment by Amazon

Online store builder

Selling Partner Blog

Login to your seller account

# How to sell on Amazon

Amazon Brand Registry

Seller University

Seller Central Help

Amazon Seller App

# How much does it cost?

Product ideas

# What is dropshipping?

Sell books online

Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | © 2024, Amazon.com Services LLC.