# Get over $50K in potential incentives when you start selling with Amazon. Learn how

Sign up

# Pricing

|Standard selling fees| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Our standard selling fees provide you with access to a package of Amazon tools and services. They’re divided into two basic types: selling plan fees and referral fees.| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
|In addition to selling fees, you might have added costs if you use certain optional tools and programs like Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) or Amazon Ads. Ultimately, you get to control the cost of selling in the Amazon store by selecting the programs, tools, and services that are right for your business.| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |

# Selling plans

|Selling plans|Referral fees|Helpful resources|
|---|---|---|
|Other fees| | |

We offer two selling plans so you can choose the right package of tools and services for the right price. Each plan also provides you with access to a specific group of optional programs and tools.

Most sellers select our Professional selling plan because it provides them with a larger set of benefits that help them manage and grow their businesses. But if you don’t plan to sell more than 40 items per month, an Individual plan is a great option. There’s no need to worry about selecting the right plan: you can switch or cancel anytime.

| |Individual|Professional|
|---|---|---|
|$/ item sold/ month|$0.99|$39.99|
|Subscription|Tools and services included| |
|Access Seller University trainings and Help pages| | |
---
# Get help from Seller Support

- List products one at a time
- Manage inventory one product at a time
- Manage seller-fulfilled orders
- Set static prices
- Use tools like the Revenue Calculator, Amazon Seller App, and Service Provider Network
- Add multiple users to your account
- Apply to sell restricted products
- Build your brand with enhanced product pages, a digital store, and other tools
- Compete to be the Featured Offer
- Create promotions and coupons
- Integrate selling apps with SP-API
- List products in bulk
- Manage inventory in bulk
- Participate in programs like Global Selling, Local Selling, and Renewed
- Set dynamic prices
- Set your own shipping fees for non-media products
- Use B2B tools to engage business customers
- Use business reports to track sales, inventory, and orders
- Access to optional programs

Note: these programs involve additional costs. (links to new page)

- Store inventory and ship customer orders using Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)
- Advertise your products and brands using Amazon Ads
- Create Lightning and 7-Day Deals
- Get paid in your local currency with Amazon Currency Converter
---
# Level up brand protection with Transparency

Participate in programs like Amazon Lending, Customer Service by Amazon, and Strategic Account Services

Ship ocean freight with Amazon Global Logistics

|Sign up for Individual|Sign up for Professional|
|---|---|
|1Requires you to enroll your brand in Amazon Brand Registry|2Media products include books, music, video, and DVD|

# New Seller Incentives

Sell more with the Incentives Dashboard

10% on branded sales

Ready to sell with Amazon? Get started with the New Seller Guide, a set of brand, logistics, pricing, and promotional services backed by data science and designed to fuel the growth of new sellers.

Sellers who use the New Seller Guide during their first 90 days generate approximately 6x more first-year sales on average. They can also take advantage of over $50,000 in New Seller Incentives.

Learn more

1Amazon internal data, FY2023, US store

# Referral fees

Referral fees vary by product category. For every item sold, you’ll pay a percentage of the total price or a minimum amount, whichever is greater.

|Product category|Referral fees|
|---|---|
|Amazon Device Accessories|45%|
|Appliances - Compact|15% for the portion of the total sales price up to $300.00, and 8% for any portion of the total sales price greater than $300.00|
---
# Appliances - Full-size

8%

# Automotive and Powersports

12%

# Base Equipment Power Tools

12%

# Baby Products

8% for products wip a total sales price of $10.00 or less, and
15% for products wip a total sales price greater pan $10.00

# Backpacks, Handbags, and Luggage

15%

# Beauty, Health, and Personal Care

8% for products wip a total sales price of $10.00 or less, and
15% for items wip a total sales price greater pan $10.00

# Business, Industrial, and Scientific Supplies

12%

# Clothing and Accessories

5% for products wip a total sales price of $15.00 or less
10% for products wip a total sales price greater pan $15.00 and less pan or equal to $20.00
17% for products wip a total sales price greater pan $20.00

# Computers

8%

# Consumer Electronics

8%

# Electronics Accessories

15% for pe portion of pe total sales price up to $100.00, and
8% for any portion of pe total sales price greater pan $100.00

# Eyewear

15%

# Fine Art

20% for pe portion of Sales Proceeds up to $100 (wip a minimum Referral Fee of $1.00);
15% for any portion of Sales Proceeds greater pan $100 up to $1,000;
10% for any portion of Sales Proceeds greater pan $1,000 up to $5,000; and
5% for any portion of Sales Proceeds greater pan $5,000

# Footwear

15%

# Furniture

15% for pe portion of pe total sales price up to $200.00, and
10% for any portion of pe total sales price greater pan $200.00
---
# Gift Cards

20%

# Grocery and Gourmet

8% for products wip a total sales price of $15.00 or less, and
15% for products wip a total sales price greater pan $15.00

# Home and Kitchen

15%

# Jewelry

20% for pe portion of pe total sales price up to $250.00, and
5% for any portion of pe total sales price greater pan $250.00

# Lawn and Garden

15%

# Lawn Mowers and Snow Throwers

15% for products wip a total sales price of up to $500.00, and
8% for products wip a total sales price greater pan $500.00

# Mattresses

15%

# Media - Books, DVD, Music, Software, Video

15%

# Musical Instruments and AV Production

15%

# Office Products

15%

# Pet Supplies

15%, except 22% for veterinary diets

# Sports and Outdoors

15%

# Tires

10%

# Tools and Home Improvement

15%

# Toys and Games

15%

# Video Games and Gaming Accessories

15%

# Video Game Consoles

8%

# Watches

16% for pe portion of pe total sales price up to $1,500.00
3% for any portion of pe total sales price greater pan $1,500.00
---
Everything Else 5 15%

Note: A product’s fee category may not be the same as the category that appears to customers in the Amazon store.

1 An item’s total price includes its list price, as well as shipping costs and any gift-wrapping charges.

2 Certain cell phone devices may require approval. Learn more about selling cell phones and cell phone accessories.

3 Bundles containing both a camera device and accessory products are classified under the Electronics Accessories category. For a detailed, searchable list of products in each category, refer to our fee category guidelines.

4 In addition to the referral fee, media items incur a closing fee $1.80 per item.

5 The Everything Else category is available to sellers for products that do not clearly fit within existing categories. Do not list items in the Everything Else category that appropriately fall within another category.

ASIN Amazon jargon:

Every product in the Amazon store is automatically assigned an ASIN, or Amazon Standard Identification Number. This is different from the product’s GTIN and SKU. If you don’t have a GTIN for a product, you can try to match an offer to an existing product detail page using its ASIN instead.

Helpful resources

Getting paid and paying fees Estimating fees

Selling fees are usually deducted from your Amazon sales, but they can also be charged to the credit card associated with your selling account.

Watch how to get an Amazon payment report View fee estimates

Other selling fees In some cases, you may pay additional fees for specific services, including the following:

Closing fees

Rental book service fees

High-volume listing fees

Refund administration fee
---
# Learn more about selling fees

Start selling today. Put your products in front of the millions of customers who search Amazon.com every day.

Sign up

$39.99 a month + selling fees

Just have a few items to sell? Sign up to become an individual seller

English | United States | Feedback

|Sell with Amazon|Selling Programs|Amazon for Brands|Resources|Tools|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Sell online|Fulfillment by Amazon|Online store builder|Selling Partner Blog|Login to your seller account|
|How to sell on Amazon|Amazon Advertising|Amazon Brand Registry|Seller University|Amazon Seller App|
|How much does it cost?|Global selling|Brand management|Accelerate Seller Event|Seller Central|
|Product ideas|Black Business Accelerator|Analytics|More ways to make money|Revenue calculator|
|What is dropshipping|More programs|A+ Content| | |
|Sell books online| | | | |

Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | © 2024, Amazon.com Services LLC.