# Frequently Asked Questions

Get answers to the frequently asked questions about using Amazon for ecommerce.

# Overview

What is selling on Amazon?

Selling on Amazon is a program that lets individuals and businesses sell their products and inventory on in Amazon's stores, like Amazon.com.

Why should I sell on Amazon?

Here are just a couple of reasons: the opportunity to put your product in front of hundreds of millions of potential customers, plus the ability to start selling fast before you even set up a business website or physical store.

Can I list my products in all Amazon categories?

Prior approval may be required to list certain products in certain categories. Check out the Sell page for more information.

What type of products cannot be listed on Amazon.com?

Some products may not be listed as a matter of compliance with legal or regulatory restrictions (for example, prescription drugs) or Amazon policy (for example, crime scene photos). For detailed information, please see our Restricted Products Help section.

What's the A-to-z Guarantee program?

The A-to-z Guarantee program is for situations where a customer never received a product or received a product that is materially different from what was ordered or expected. We ask customers to first contact the seller when they have a problem. If the customer isn’t satisfied after 48 hours, they can file an A-to-z claim. When Amazon receives the claim, we send the seller an email detailing the claim and requesting basic information about the order and the fulfillment process. Amazon will then determine how the claim will be settled, which may include reimbursement of the order to the customer at the seller’s expense.

How do I open a new Amazon seller account?

Visit the Pricing page to sign up for the Professional plan or the Individual plan. You can use your Amazon customer account, or you can create a new account with your business email address.

Before you start, be sure to have the following information ready:

Your business name, address, and contact information
An internationally chargeable credit card wip a valid billing address
A phone number where you can be reached during pe registration process
Your tax ID info
Additional identity documents may be required in some cases
---
# Can I downgrade my Professional selling account?

Yes. If you don’t want to be charged a monthly subscription fee, you can downgrade your account from the Professional plan to the Individual plan from the My Services page in Seller Central (login required).

If you downgrade, your account stays open and you can keep offering items on Amazon as an Individual seller, but you’ll lose access to Professional plan benefits like bulk upload, order reports, seller-customized shipping rates, or special listing features. Also, keep in mind that only offers from Professional sellers are eligible for featured offer status on product detail pages.

Compare selling plans

# How do I close my Amazon seller account?

To permanently close your Amazon seller account, request account closure in Seller Central. Keep in mind that you can use our Listings Status feature to suspend your product listings, or you can remove them entirely but hold on to your account for future use. Before you close your account permanently, remember to cancel and remove your listings and resolve all transactions.

# How do I sell in Amazon stores in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico?

When you sign up as a Professional seller, you can start selling in our US, Canadian, and Mexican stores through a North America Unified Account. This will enable you to more easily share product listing info and manage your inventory across all three stores. For all per-item transaction fees, sellers will pay the fees for the marketplace where the item was sold. If you’re a Professional seller, you’ll only be charged one monthly subscription fee for selling in North America.

If you already sell on Amazon in the US, Canada, or Mexico, you can use your existing bank account to receive disbursements in your local currency with the Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers (ACCS). If you’re a new seller registering to sell in the US, Canada, or Mexico, you can be paid directly into your local bank account in the local currency, as long as you have a bank account in a country supported by Amazon.

# Pricing

How much does it cost to sell on Amazon.com?

Amazon has two selling plans. The Professional selling plan costs $39.99 per month plus a per-item referral fee that varies by category. The Individual selling plan costs $0.99 per unit sold plus a per-item referral fee that varies by category. If you plan to sell fewer than 40 items a month, the Individual plan may be best for you.

In addition to the cost of your selling plan and referral fees, other costs may apply, depending on how you ship orders, whether you decide to advertise, etc.

Learn more about pricing

What are the differences between Professional and Individual accounts?

Third-party sellers can sell in Amazon's stores by signing up for the Professional plan or the Individual plan. With the Individual plan, sellers pay a fee for each unit they sell. With the Professional plan, sellers pay one flat fee per month, no matter how many units they sell.

Learn more about selling plans

When do I start getting charged the monthly subscription fee?
---
The monthly subscription fee applies to Professional selling accounts only and begins as soon as you finish the registration process. Your first monthly subscription fee will be charged at that time unless you’re signing up with a promotional offer.

How do I get paid?

When your seller account is settled and you have a positive balance, Amazon sends the money to your bank account using an Automated Clearing House (ACH) or electronic funds transfer. It can take up to five business days for the money to appear in your bank account after Amazon initiates a payment.

Before we can pay you, you must provide a valid bank account as the Deposit Method in your seller account settings. We cannot make payments to a credit card or online payment system, such as PayPal.

Selling

How do I manage my selling account?

Use the Seller Central website to manage all parts of your Amazon business. Seller Central is the website where you manage your selling account, add product information, make inventory updates, and manage orders and payments.

How do I add inventory?

You have four options for entering product-related info:

- Use the Sell on Amazon button on Amazon product pages.
- Use the Add a Product feature on Seller Central to list one new product at a time.
- Use Excel-based inventory files to add multiple product listings at once.
- Use Amazon Marketplace Web Service to do bulk uploads and get bulk reports.

How will I know when I have a sale?

Amazon notifies you by email or text message when you receive an order. You can choose either notification method in your account settings.

How much does it cost to ship items I sell?

Shipping fees depend on whether you plan to fulfill orders yourself, or use Fulfillment By Amazon (FBA) to handle your logistics and customer service.

Learn more about fulfillment costs

How does Fulfillment by Amazon work?

With Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) you store your products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we pick, pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products.

Learn more about FBA

What is the featured offer?

The featured offer (sometimes called the "Buy Box") is the place on a product detail page where customers start the purchase process by adding items to their shopping carts. A key feature of Amazon store is that the same product can be offered by several sellers.
---
have multiple offers from multiple sellers. If more than one seller offers the same product in new condition, they can compete for the featured offer for that product.

To compete for featured offer placement, you must have a Professional seller account and demonstrate a consistently great buying experience for customers. Amazon uses performance-based criteria to determine featured offer eligibility and placement status. Eligible listings that do not win featured offer status are eligible for placement in the "More Buying Choices" box. Amazon does not guarantee placement in either of these locations.

Can I offer gift-wrap and gift messaging services to my customers on Amazon.com?

Definitely! Our Gift Messaging service lets customers write notes for individual items or entire orders, and our Gift-Wrap service lets them select and pay for gift-wrapping for each item in their order.

How do I sell my products in other Amazon stores internationally, such as amazon.de and amazon.co.jp?

Selling in other Amazon stores is similar to selling in the US. When you set up a Professional selling account in the US, you immediately have the option to list eligible products across North America (Canada and Mexico), Europe, Japan, Australia, and elsewhere. Learn more about how to sell in Amazon stores worldwide.

How do I sell books on Amazon?

Selling books online can be a nice income stream—or the start of a profitable online business. Whether you’re considering selling used books gathering dust, children’s books the kids in your life no longer read, or even your original ebook ready for the world through Kindle Direct self-publishing, selling books on Amazon is a great place to start.

Learn more about selling books

Global Registration

Which stores am I registering in?

When you register for an Amazon selling account, we automatically create merged accounts that give you access to North American stores (United States, Canada, and Mexico), European stores (United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, and Spain), Japan, and Australia.

Once you have created a selling account, you can start creating product listings in each store, unless that store requires additional information. If you already have a seller account, login to Seller Central to see a list of your merged global accounts.

What should I do if I do not have all the information to complete registration in a particular Amazon store?

For the registration process, you do not need store-specific information but only general information about your business. During registration, you can save your progress and login again to continue from where you left off. After registration is completed, you may need to provide additional information or documentation based on the countries in which you wish to sell in. For example, to sell in the United States, you are required to provide tax information after registration is completed.

Do I have to sell in all stores?

No, even though you will have an account in each of the North American, European, Japan, and Australia stores, you can select the specific store(s) in which you want to sell for each product that you offer. You are not required to list products in all stores. If you want to list a product in a store for which you have a merged account already, you will not be required to go through the entire registration process again.
---
# I do not want to list my products in all the stores in Europe. Can I select the UK only (or Germany, France, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, Spain, etc.)?

When you list your products in one of Amazon’s European stores, by default the listing will be available in all European stores, to make it easier for you to expand your business in Europe. If you wish to remove your listing from a specific store or opt out of this functionality altogether, you can login to Seller Central, go to Account Settings, and deselect the store(s).

# I have completed the registration process, but I don’t need a seller account in all of the stores for which you have created merged accounts. How do I un-register myself from a store?

You can choose to downgrade your account from a Professional selling plan to an Individual selling plan if you do not want to be charged a monthly subscription fee. Please follow the instructions to switch to an Individual selling plan.

To close an account, login to the account for the store that you want to close, and go to Settings &gt; Account Info &gt; Close account in Seller Central. Please note that you must close each regional account individually (North America, Europe, Japan, Australia).

If you downgrade or close one of your accounts but still have buyable ASINs listed in your other merged accounts, you will still pay a Professional selling plan subscription fee. Ensure that you downgrade each merged account individually if you do not wish to be charged a monthly Professional subscription fee.

# How do I sell in a store for which Amazon does not automatically create a merged account?

Register for that store separately. You can then merge that separate account to your Global Registration account.

# Learn about selling in Amazon stores worldwide

# Other Resources

|Amazon Seller App|Amazon Seller Help|Amazon Seller Central|
|---|---|---|
|Manage your business from wherever you are. Use the Amazon Seller App to go mobile. Get the Seller App|Dive deep on specific topics related to selling on Amazon. Visit Seller Help|Amazon Seller Central can help you keep on top of online sales. Learn more about Seller Central|