# Get over $50K in potential incentives when you start selling with Amazon. Learn how

Sign up

# Supply Chain by Amazon

End-to-end supply chain management for multiple sales channels

Supply Chain by Amazon is a fully automated set of supply chain services that gets your products from manufacturers to customers around the world. Take advantage of a complete end-to-end solution that keeps products in stock, provides faster and more reliable shipping, and significantly lowers costs.

Get started

# Why Supply Chain by Amazon?

Supply Chain by Amazon brings Amazon’s advanced capabilities to your entire supply chain. Combine services through Amazon Global Logistics (AGL), the Partnered Carrier Program (PCP), Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD), Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA), Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF), and Buy with Prime. You’ll enjoy optimized inventory placement, automated replenishment for your sales channels, and reduced costs for shipping and storage.

|Keep your products in stock|Ship faster and more reliably|Enjoy significantly lower costs|
|---|---|---|
|Your FBA and MCF products are considered in stock and buyable when they're received by AWD, making it easier to meet customer demand.|Amazon's advanced logistics, transportation, and fulfillment capabilities move your products faster and more reliably from manufacturers to customers around the world.|By using our end-to-end solution, you tap into a set of fully automated services that's more efficient. We pass the savings on to you through lower costs and additional discounts.|

|Automate inventory replenishment|Streamline your entire supply chain|Track inventory at every milestone|
|---|---|---|
|AWD auto-replenishment gets your products to the right Amazon.|With a hassle-free solution, you can streamline global shipping.|Use Seller Central to track and manage your AGL shipments, AWD.|
---
# fulfillment centers in the right distribution, storage, and storage, and FBA and MCF inventory. quantities, increasing the potential for fulfillment. same-day and next-day delivery speeds, which in turn drives a 15% increase in unit sales on average.*

*Calculated April - June 2023

# How Supply Chain by Amazon works

With Supply Chain by Amazon, we pick up inventory from your manufacturing facilities, ship it across borders, handle customs clearance and ground transportation, store inventory in bulk, manage replenishment across Amazon and other sales channels, and deliver directly to customers.

|Supply Chain by Amazon| | | |
|---|---|---|---|
|Freight and logistics|Storage|Distribution and replenishment|Delivery|
|Amazon Global Logistics|Amazon Warehousing|Fulfillment by Amazon|Customers|
|Amazon Partnered Program Carrier| |Multi-Channel Fulfillment|Customers in other sales channels|

1. Send products to Amazon

Use Amazon Global Logistics (AGL) and Partnered Carrier Program (PCP) to ship inventory in bulk to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD).
2. Store and distribute inventory

Your products are stored cost-effectively with AWD and become buyable the moment they’re received by our distribution centers. Store inventory in bulk with AWD for as long as you need, keeping your products in stock and Prime-eligible with fast delivery speeds.
3. Fulfill customer orders

We use the bulk inventory you have stored in AWD to automatically replenish your products in the Amazon fulfillment network. When a customer places an order in the Amazon store, we'll pick, pack, and deliver through Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA). If a customer places an order on your own website through Buy with Prime, or if they make a purchase on another enabled sales channel, we'll deliver through Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF).
---
# Did you know?

You can enjoy savings through Supply Chain by Amazon

When you use AGL or PCP to deliver to AWD, you’ll save 25% on AWD storage and 15% on processing and transportation. Learn more.

When you leave AWD’s auto-replenishment feature defaulted, you’ll get a waiver for FBA storage-utilization surcharges, low-inventory-level costs, and storage-overage costs. FBA inbound placement costs are also waived for all AWD shipments.

When you use AWD non-holiday storage for standard-size units, you save 38% compared to FBA—and you save 80% during the holiday season.*

|Months|AWD storage per month|FBA standard-size storage per month|AWD savings|
|---|---|---|---|
|Non-holiday (Jan-Sep)|$0.48 per cubic foot|$0.78 per cubic foot|-38%|
|Holiday (Oct-Dec)|$0.48 per cubic foot|$2.40 per cubic foot|-80%|

*Costs are subject to change.

# Applicable from March 1, 2024.

^ Applicable from April 1, 2024.

# Ready to get started?

# Step 1

Log in to Seller Central

Log in to your Seller Central account or sign up as a seller. We recommend using a Professional selling account so you can take advantage of a full range of services.

# Step 2

Review requirements

Make sure your products are eligible for shipping, storage, distribution and fulfillment by reviewing program requirements on Seller Central:

- Amazon Global Logistics (AGL)
- Partnered Carrier Program (PCP)
- Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD)
- Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)

# Step 3

Enroll in AGL and/or AWD

Use your selling account to register with each program:

- Complete AGL’s inquiry form.
- Click the Enroll button on the AWD page.
- If you don’t have an FBA profile, create one and set your preferences. When you sign up for FBA, you’re ready to use MCF.

There’s no need to enroll in PCP, which is built into your selling account.

# Step 4

Book a shipment for delivery to AWD
---
# Create an AGL shipment to AWD using Seller Central or Shipper Central.

After booking your shipment, leave AWD’s auto-replenishment feature enabled to send inventory into the Amazon network whenever it’s running low. Or manage replenishment manually.

Did you know?

We’re investing in Supply Chain by Amazon

Amazon is making big investments in the transportation, storage, and distribution services that make up Supply Chain by Amazon. We're also inventing new integration technologies so you can track and manage your inventory from end to end with less effort. Enroll in programs now to enjoy these added benefits as soon as they launch.

# Frequently Asked Questions

Why should I use Supply Chain by Amazon?

Supply Chain by Amazon brings Amazon’s advanced capabilities to your entire supply chain. Use a fully automated set of supply chain services to get your products from manufacturers to customers around the world. Take advantage of a complete end-to-end solution that gets your products to the right Amazon fulfillment centers in the right quantities, increasing the potential for same-day and next-day delivery speeds, which in turn drives a 15% increase in unit sales on average.*

When you use Supply Chain by Amazon end to end, you get automated replenishment for Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) and Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF) and discounts on cross-border shipments through Amazon Global Logistics (AGL).

*Calculated April - June 2023

How much does Supply Chain by Amazon cost?

Costs for transportation, storage, and fulfillment depend on the weight and dimensions of your inventory. Storage costs can also vary by season.

When you combine Amazon Global Logistics (AGL), the Partnered Carrier Program (PCP), Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD), and Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) services for an end-to-end solution through Supply Chain by Amazon, you’ll enjoy increased efficiency, reduced storage costs, and significant discounts on AGL shipments.

Do I still have access to all my current Amazon service options and features when I use Supply Chain by Amazon?

Yes. If you’re currently using one or more Supply Chain by Amazon services, your access to options and features won’t change when you start using other services through Supply Chain by Amazon. You’ll simply begin to enjoy greater efficiency and relevant discounts.

What freight services are offered by Amazon Global Logistics?

Amazon Global Logistics (AGL) offers Standard Ocean FCL (full-container) and LCL (less-than-container), and Fast Ocean FCL and LCL. We offer end-to-end solutions, including local pickup, palletization, labeling, cargo insurance
---
services, and customs clearance at origin and destination.

How does automated replenishment work?

Automated replenishment relies on a proprietary data-science model that periodically monitors the inventory levels in Prime-ready fulfillment centers and triggers replenishments in order to maintain adequate inventory levels so that your products stay in stock. If you leave auto-replenishment enabled, your products are considered in stock and buyable when they're received by Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD), and we manage your replenishments so you don't have to worry about Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) capacity limits.

Note: the promised delivery dates for products stored with AWD, or products in transit from AWD to the Amazon fulfillment network, will differ from delivery dates for products that are already in the fulfillment network.

|Simplify your|supply chain and|stay in stock|
|---|---|---|
|Use a fully automated set of supply chain services to get| | |
|your products from manufacturers to customers around| | |
|the world.| | |
|Get started| | |

Home        Programs        Supply Chain by Amazon

English              United States            Feedback

Sell with Amazon                  Selling Programs                     Amazon for Brands                       Resources                          Tools

Sell online                       Fulfillment by                       Online store builder                    Selling Partner Blog               Login to your seller

How to sell on                    Amazon                               Amazon Brand                            Seller University                  account

Amazon                            Amazon Advertising                   Registry                                Seller Central Help                Amazon Seller App

How much does it                  Global selling                       Brand management                        Accelerate Seller                  Seller Central

cost?                             Amazon Business                      Product reviews                         Event                              Selling Partner

Product ideas                     Black Business                       Customer Behavior                       Seller FAQs                        Appstore

What is                           Accelerator                          Analytics                               More ways to make                  money

dropshipping                      More programs                        A+ Content                              Seller FAQs                        Revenue calculator

Sell books online

Terms of Service     Privacy Policy           © 2024, Amazon.com Services LLC.