# Sign up

|Fulfilled by Merchant|Tools, programs, and automation to enhance how you ship and manage customer orders|Fulfilled by Merchant|prime FREE delivery|
|---|---|---|---|
| |Customize fulfillment orders| | |

Already selling on Amazon? New to Amazon?

Get started
Sign up
$39.99 a month + selling fees

Why Fulfilled by Merchant?

Fulfilled by Merchant is a suite of solutions that helps you save time and money when you fulfill customer orders yourself. Use tools and automation to sync your inventory and streamline the orders you receive from Amazon, as well as other sales channels. Get great shipping rates and offer customers fast, reliable delivery while enjoying increased account-health protection for delivery-related claims.

Use Fulfilled by Merchant solutions for every product you sell, or use them for select products while you sell others through Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA).

Customize fulfillment and improve delivery

Set your own shipping rates, capacity limits, and handling and transit times—or use Shipping Settings Automation to calculate delivery dates that are shorter and more exact, which can lead to increased sales.

Lower shipping costs while protecting performance

Use Amazon Buy Shipping to get pre-negotiated rates that are over 30% lower on average compared to retail ground rates for UPS, FedEx, and USPS. You’ll also enjoy increased account-health protection for delivery-related claims.

Fulfill across multiple sales channels

Veeqo is free multi-channel shipping software you can use to update inventory and manage orders from Amazon, eBay, Etsy, Shopify, and Walmart. Veeqo offers the lowest shipping rates and up to 5% back on eligible shipments.
---
# Offer Prime and Premium

Fulfill specialty products

Simplify returns and refunds

Shipping

Store, pack, and ship items that you prefer to fulfill yourself. Or sell heavy or bulky products, slowing-moving inventory, or temperature-sensitive products that can’t be sold through FBA.

Use tools to streamline returns and refunds, and engage with buyers when they have questions or need support. Fulfilled by Merchant can be an opportunity to put a personal touch on the post-order experience.

After meeting performance requirements, you may be eligible to enroll in Premium Shipping or Seller Fulfilled Prime to offer customers the one- and two-day shipping speeds they love. Seller Fulfilled Prime also puts the Prime badge on your offers.

# Ready to get started?

# Step 1. Sign up for a selling account

Sign up for a selling account, or log in to Seller Central if you already have one. We recommend using a Professional selling account so you can take advantage of a full range of services.

# Step 2. List your products

Match offers to existing product listings in the Amazon store, or create new detail pages for products that aren’t yet in our catalog.

If you own a brand, you can enroll it with Amazon before you list to unlock a suite of additional selling tools and protection benefits.

Learn more about listing products

Learn more about enrolling a brand

# Step 3. Configure shipping and return settings

You can use settings and templates to define a handling time, transit time, and capacity limit that match your operations.

You can also use Shipping Settings Automation and an automated handling time to optimize the delivery dates that appear to customers. Consider setting up a cancellation window to reduce the number of order-cancellation requests you receive from buyers.

You should check your return settings and make adjustments, if necessary. You can create additional return policies for your business that match or exceed Amazon’s policy.

Learn more about seller-fulfilled shipping

Learn more about seller-fulfilled returns

# Step 4. Manage inventory and fulfill customer orders

Use Manage Inventory to update product and offer information. You can also use Multi-Location Inventory to sync inventory stored in multiple places.

When you receive a customer order, you can review it, confirm shipping, and provide tracking information using Manage Orders. Make sure you confirm shipment within your stated handling time.
---
# Step 5. Handle cancellations, returns, refunds, and customer service

Check regularly for buyer-requested cancellations using Manage Orders.

For returns, we automatically enroll sellers in our prepaid returns label program for US sales and authorize all return requests that meet our policy. Customer return requests that fall outside Amazon’s return policy or are category exempt are sent to you for review. You need to respond to all return requests within 24 hours using Manage Returns. You can authorize, close, or complete a return.

Use Buyer-Seller Messaging to communicate with buyers so you can complete orders or respond to customer service inquiries.

Learn more about seller-fulfilled returns

Learn more about Buyer-Seller Messaging

# Step 6. Monitor your shipping performance

Use the Fulfillment Insights Dashboard to track your performance, comparing promised and actual delivery times to diagnose gaps and help increase sales.

Make sure you also check your performance regularly using the Account Health dashboard. You can track your rates for order defects, late shipments, pre-fulfillment cancellations, and valid tracking. You can also confirm your compliance with key Amazon policies.

Learn more about the Fulfillment Insights Dashboard

Learn more about Account Health

# Step 7. Try advanced shipping options

After meeting performance requirements, you may want to explore programs like Premium Shipping and Seller Fulfilled Prime to offer customers the one- and two-day shipping speeds they love. Seller Fulfilled Prime also puts the Prime badge on your offers.

Learn more about Premium Shipping

Learn more about Seller Fulfilled Prime
---
# Shipping Settings Automation

Calculate delivery dates that are shorter and more exact based on your location, the customer’s location, and information from past deliveries.

Video 3:55

|Sellers who use Shipping Settings Automation|Amazon Shipping Settings|
|---|---|
|Sold 10% more units on average.* *Based on a study of third-party US domestic sellers on Amazon.com from January - June 2022|Learn about Shipping Settings Automation benefits and how to enable them on new and existing shipping templates.|

Learn more about Shipping Settings Automation
---
# Amazon Buy Shipping

Purchase and print shipping labels in one place while getting great rates for UPS, FedEx, USPS, Amazon Shipping, and other major carriers. You’ll also enjoy increased account-health protection for delivery-related claims.

Video 5:51

Amazon Buy Shipping can decrease the likelihood of late deliveries by 20% on average.* As compared to Amazon sellers who purchase shipping labels outside Amazon Buy Shipping and ship on time.

* As compared to Amazon sellers who purchase shipping labels outside Amazon Buy Shipping and ship on time.

Learn more about Buy Shipping

# Shipping Settings Automation

Amazon Buy Shipping

# Veeqo

Veeqo is free multi-channel shipping software that provides a powerful suite of inventory tools and gives you access to Amazon Buy Shipping rates for eBay, Etsy, Shopify, and Walmart. For Amazon orders, you’ll also enjoy increased account-health protection for delivery-related claims.

Video 1:53

What is Veeqo?

Get up to 5% on eligible shipments with Veeqo. Learn how our free shipping software can help ecommerce sellers.

Learn more about Veeqo

# Multi-Location Inventory

Sync your inventory across locations in real time to simplify order fulfillment and provide customers with shorter, more exact delivery dates.

Learn more about Multi-Location Inventory
---
# Premium Shipping

Use your shipping settings in Seller Central to provide customers with the one- and two-day delivery they love. Learn more about Premium Shipping.

Premium Shipping eligibility: Eligible

On-time delivery rate: 100%

# Seller Fulfilled Prime

Display the Prime badge on your offers while providing customers with same-day, one-day, and two-day delivery. Learn more about Seller Fulfilled Prime.

# Frequently Asked Questions

What is Fulfilled by Merchant?

Fulfilled by Merchant is a suite of solutions that helps you save time and money when you fulfill customer orders yourself. Use tools and automation to sync your inventory and streamline the orders you receive from Amazon, as well as other sales channels. Get great shipping rates and offer customers fast, reliable delivery while enjoying increased account-health protection for delivery-related claims.

Use Fulfilled by Merchant solutions for every product you sell, or use them for select products while you sell others through Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA).

Watch: Fulfillment by Amazon vs. Fulfilled by Merchant

Why should I use Fulfilled by Merchant services?

There are lots of reasons to use Fulfilled by Merchant:

- Use Shipping Settings Automation to calculate delivery dates that are shorter and more exact. These better delivery dates can lead to increased sales.
---
# Purchase shipping labels with Amazon Buy Shipping

to get pre-negotiated shipping rates that are over 30% lower on average compared to retail ground rates for UPS, FedEx, and USPS. If you purchase shipping labels with Amazon Buy Shipping and ship on time, you’ll also enjoy increased account-health protection for delivery-related claims.

# Store, pack, and ship items

that you prefer to fulfill yourself. Sell heavy or bulky products, slowing-moving inventory, or temperature-sensitive products that can’t be sold through FBA.

# Use tools to streamline returns and refunds

and engage with buyers when they have questions or need support. Fulfilled by Merchant can be an opportunity to put a personal touch on the post-order experience.

# How much does it cost to use Fulfilled by Merchant services?

Costs for fulfillment vary based on the products you sell and the weight and dimensions of customer orders. You can choose from a variety of Fulfilled by Merchant services to help lower your costs. For example, pre-negotiated shipping rates through Amazon Buy Shipping are over 30% lower on average compared to retail ground rates for UPS, FedEx, and USPS. You can also get up to 5% back on eligible shipments with Veeqo, our free shipping software.

# How do I get started with Fulfilled by Merchant?

To get started with Fulfilled by Merchant, sign up for a selling account, or log in to Seller Central if you already have one. We recommend using a Professional selling account so you can take advantage of a full range of services.

Next, you’ll want to list your products. Match offers to existing product listings in the Amazon store, or create new detail pages for products that aren’t yet in our catalog.

After listing, you can use settings and templates in Seller Central to define a handling time, transit time, and capacity limit that match your operations. You can also use Shipping Settings Automation and an automated handling time to optimize the delivery dates that appear to customers.

When you receive a customer order, you can review it, confirm shipping, and provide tracking information using Manage Orders. Make sure you confirm shipment within your stated handling time.

You can also purchase and print shipping labels for customer orders using Amazon Buy Shipping. Your orders will be confirmed and tracked automatically. If you prefer, you can use Veeqo, our Shipping API, or other multi-channel integrators as your channel for Amazon Buy Shipping.

# What is Amazon’s return policy?

Review our return policy anytime.
---
# Already selling on Amazon?

# New to Amazon?

|Get started|Sign up|
|---|---|
|$39.99 a month + selling fees|$39.99 a month + selling fees|

Home | Programs | Fulfilled by Merchant

English | United States | Feedback

Sell with Amazon | Selling Programs | Amazon for Brands | Resources | Tools

Sell online | Fulfillment by Amazon | Online store builder | Selling Partner Blog | Login to your seller account

How to sell on Amazon | Amazon Advertising | Amazon Brand Registry | Seller University | Seller Central Help | Amazon Seller App

How much does it cost? | Product ideas | What is dropshipping | Sell books online

Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | © 2024, Amazon.com Services LLC.