# Amazon Business

Expand your reach to business customers. Amazon Business provides a suite of features and tools that can help you connect with business-to-business (B2B) customers. Business customers often buy in larger quantities and return items less—which means you can sell more with less time and effort.

Already have a Professional selling account? Access B2B features. New to Amazon? Sign up for $39.99 a month + selling fees.

# Why sell with Amazon Business?

- Reach customers shopping on Amazon Business with customized prices, bulk selection, certifications, and other B2B features.
- Increase sales with B2B selection.
- Optimize your B2B pricing.
- Differentiate your business.

Amazon Business helps you identify B2B product opportunities and connect relevant offers to business customers. Use tools to discover B2B products, respond to customer quote requests, and sell items in bulk. B2B customers often expect discounts for buying products in larger quantities. Amazon Business provides multiple tools to support and automate B2B pricing—and to synchronize it with the prices you set for retail customers.
---
# Tailor delivery to B2B customers

Business customers expect deliveries during regular business hours. Amazon Business provides you with insights and capabilities that can help improve the delivery experience for B2B customers.

# Optimize your B2B strategy

Our easy-to-use dashboards and recommendation tools help you assess opportunities and optimize your strategy for business customers.

# Automate your B2B sales

We’ve developed APIs that automate aspects of your B2B business, like adding the right selection or setting the right prices for business customers. Learn more

|9|50|96|
|---|---|---|
|Countries where customers shop on Amazon Business—US, Canada, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Japan, and India|US states with government industry leaders buying on Amazon Business|Fortune 100 Companies shopping on Amazon Business|

Ready to start selling with Amazon Business?

# Step 1

Sign up for a Professional selling account, or log in to Seller Central if you already have one. After logging in, you can access B2B features from the main menu by clicking B2B, then B2B Central.

If you have an Individual selling account, you can upgrade anytime. Learn how

# Step 2

Add B2B products to your catalog. If you don’t have B2B products already in your catalog, you can add them using our normal listing processes. You can also encourage bulk sales by creating package hierarchies and listing products as case packs and pallets.

Need recommendations for B2B products? Use our B2B Product Opportunities tool.

# Step 3

Set business prices and quantity discounts. Create offers that appear to Amazon Business customers by setting business prices and quantity discounts. This can boost your visibility and increase your chances of becoming the Featured Offer.

You can set static business prices and discounts using the Business Price column on Manage Inventory. Or you can create dynamic business pricing rules using Automate Pricing. Learn more
---
# Step Add certifications and create a business profile

|4|Showcase your business by adding diversity and quality certifications to your seller profile. This can help business customers who are looking to meet specific spending targets or sourcing objectives.|
|---|---|
| |Don’t have a certification? You can still create a business profile by adding additional information to your seller profile. Learn more|

# Step Try other B2B features and tools

|5|Use B2B Central to explore a range of tools that can help you engage more business customers. Review and respond to quote requests using Manage quotes. Try Case Pack Product Opportunities to learn which products are good candidates to sell in bulk. Or use Business Discounts Insights to get recommendations for B2B prices and discounts.|
|---|---|
| |Already have a Professional selling account? New to Amazon?|
| |Access B2B features Sign up|
| |$39.99 a month + selling fees|

# Resources

|Video|2:39|Video|2:28|Video|4:45|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Introduction to Amazon Business features| |Guide to Amazon Business customers| |Amazon B2B Central overview| |
|Get an overview of Amazon Business features available to professional sellers who want grow their business with B2B sales.| |Understand who buys on Amazon Business, what they look for when they shop, and the features and options they enjoy by creating an Amazon Business account.| | | |
| | |Take a tour of B2B Central on Seller Central to learn how to review dashboards that can help you understand and manage your sales to business customers.| | | |

# Frequently Asked Questions

What is the Amazon Business selling program?

The Amazon Business selling program provides sellers with tools and features to help grow their sales to Amazon Business customers.

Create offers and discounts just for business customers.
---
Enjoy search, pricing, and payment enhancements that make it easier for business customers to find and purchase your products in larger quantities.

Automate tax exemptions on qualified purchases by participating in the Amazon Tax-Exemption program.

Create a business profile and claim diversity and quality certifications to help your business stand out to B2B customers.

Enjoy lower referral fees on larger purchases.

Get B2B product and discount recommendations.

Review and respond to quote requests from business customers.

Learn which products are good candidates to sell in bulk and create consolidated listings for products you sell as single units, case packs, and pallets.

Automate aspects of your B2B sales with APIs.

How do I get started with the Amazon Business selling program?

To start using Amazon Business selling tools, sign up for a Professional selling account, or log in to Seller Central if you already have one and visit B2B Central.

If you have an Individual selling account, you can upgrade to a Professional account anytime. From the settings menu in Seller Central, select Account Info, then click Manage under Your Services.

Can I still use other Amazon services when I start using Amazon Business tools?

Yes. You can still use any other Amazon services like Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) or Amazon Ads when you start using Amazon Business tools. In fact, we recommend you explore all Amazon selling tools and programs to help optimize your sales to both B2B and retail customers.

How do I fulfill orders from Amazon Business customers?

You have the same options for fulfilling B2B orders as you do for orders placed by retail customers. You can fulfill orders directly, use Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA), or use both methods on a per-product basis.

If you use FBA, your B2B orders are fulfilled using the same inventory pool used to fulfill orders from retail customers (minus any inventory you’ve reserved for B2B customers by creating business-only offers).

Why should I add certifications to my business profile?

Certifications can help attract Amazon Business customers, many of whom are tasked with meeting quality sourcing objectives and corporate social responsibility goals.

How do I add a certification?

After creating a Professional selling account, you can choose from a list of accepted certifications, add details about your certification, and upload a digital copy of the certificate or provide a business identifier number (such as DUNS). Learn more

Will Amazon help sellers get certifications?

Amazon is not a certifying body, nor does Amazon provide assistance to obtain credentials. Sellers are expected to determine their own eligibility for a credential and how to best obtain the appropriate supporting documentation.

How will business customers find seller certifications?

Certifications appear to Amazon Business customers throughout the shopping experience. Additionally, a list of each seller’s certifications is displayed prominently on their profile pages.
---
# Expand your reach to business customers

Reach customers shopping on Amazon Business with customized prices, bulk purchasing, certifications, and other B2B features.

Already have a Professional selling account? Access B2B features

New to Amazon? Sign up

$39.99 a month + selling fees

Home
Programs
Amazon Business

Sell with Amazon

Selling Programs

Amazon for Brands

Resources

Tools

Sell online

Fulfillment by Amazon

Online store builder

Selling Partner Blog

Login to your seller account

How to sell on Amazon

Amazon Advertising

Global selling

Amazon Business

Black Business Accelerator

More programs

Brand management

Product reviews

Customer Behavior Analytics

A+ Content

More ways to make money

Find products to sell

Revenue calculator

Sell books online

Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | © 2024, Amazon.com Services LLC.