# Amazon Brand Registry

Launch your brand with Amazon. Enroll your brand in Amazon Brand Registry to become eligible to activate a suite of brand-building tools and protection benefits.

Log in to Brand Registry | Watch overview

New to Brand Registry? Enroll your brand.

In 2023, more than 99% of product listings blocked or removed from the Amazon store were found by Brand Registry’s proactive controls.

# New Seller Incentives

Get 10% back on branded sales. We invest in new brands at Amazon. Enroll your brand in Amazon Brand Registry to take advantage of the following:

$200 for customer review
10% back on your first $50,000 in branded sales, pen 5% back prough your first year until you reach $1,000,000
$200 credit for Amazon Vine

Learn more
---
# Why create an Amazon Brand Registry account?

Amazon Brand Registry is a free program that helps you protect your intellectual property (IP), manage your listings, and grow your business—whether or not you sell in the Amazon store.

# Secure your brand

Detect and report suspected IP infringement with our powerful tools. Accurate submissions drive our feedback loops to block violations automatically—before they impact your brand or customers.

# Improve the customer experience

We combine your product information with our automated protections and machine learning to help prevent inaccurate listings. You can also use brand tools to add enhanced content to your product detail pages.

# Monitor your progress

Keep an eye on key metrics related to customer searches for your brand and products. You can also track protection metrics—both Amazon’s efforts and yours—in real-time across all our stores.

"Amazon Brand Registry has been a huge leap forward for Casio in protecting our intellectual property. The response time has been lightning fast and the team assigned to this program are incredibly knowledgeable and efficient."

"P&G was very pleased to be invited to be an early adopter of Amazon Brand Registry. We believe that Amazon Brand Registry will continue to help as we collaborate with Amazon to protect our brands and our consumers online."

Join our growing list of enrolled brands

|Enroll your brand with Amazon|Enroll in Brand Registry—or get help with your intellectual property (IP) so you’re ready to enroll.|
|---|---|
|Brand Registry|Start your brand’s Amazon journey by enrolling it in Amazon Brand Registry for free. After enrolling, you become eligible to activate a suite of brand-building tools and protection benefits. You can enroll your brand even if you don’t sell in the Amazon store.|
|You only need to meet two basic requirements:| |
---
# Brand name or logo: Have your brand

Trademark: Have a pending or registered name, or a logo that includes your brand name, permanently affixed to your products or packaging.

During enrollment, you’ll create a Brand Registry account and provide detailed information about your intellectual property and products, which helps us understand and safeguard your brand.

Enroll your brand

- Learn more about enrollment requirements (login required)
- Learn more about Brand Registry (login required)

Did you know?

Amazon Brand Registry can help increase the accuracy of product listings.

After enrolling your brand in Amazon Brand Registry, only you and other sellers associated with your brand can create or suggest updates to your product detail pages using our standard listing processes. That helps ensure the accuracy of your product information and improves the customer experience.

IP Accelerator

Don’t have a trademark for your brand name or logo? The Amazon IP Accelerator program can help connect you with Amazon-vetted legal service providers who are ready to take you through each step of the trademarking process.

Learn more about IP Accelerator

Build your brand with Amazon

After enrolling your brand in Amazon Brand Registry, you become eligible to activate a suite of brand-building tools that help grow awareness for your brand, improve your consideration, increase your conversion rate, and build your brand loyalty.

You can find each tool on the Build Your Brand page in Seller Central, along with a dashboard of metrics that help track and measure your brand-building efforts.

Explore the Build Your Brand page

Learn the lingo:

“Awareness,” “consideration,” “conversion,” and “loyalty” refer to different stages in the customer journey.
---
# Awareness:

Customers recognize your brand and products.

# Consideration:

Customers are deciding if your brand or products meet their needs.

# Conversion:

Customers purchase your products.

# Loyalty:

Customers continue purchasing your brand and products.

Don't have an Amazon seller account yet?

Sign up

# A+ Content

Increase sales with better listings

Showcase your products and tell your brand’s story by adding video, enhanced images, product-comparison charts, and other features to your product detail pages.

Learn more about A+ Content

Watch tutorial

A+ Content can help:

- Grow your brand awareness
- Improve your consideration
- Increase your conversion rate

Basic A+ Content can increase sales by up to 8%—and well-implemented Premium A+ Content can increase sales by up to 20%.

# 3D models and augmented reality

Create an immersive shopping experience

Give customers an immersive shopping experience by adding 3D models to your product detail pages. Let them see a product from all sides with View in 3D, or give them the opportunity to see it in their own space with View in Your Room. You can also let customers see themselves in shoes and eyewear in real time with Virtual Try-On.

Learn more about 3D models
---
# 3D models can help:

Increase your conversion rate. On average, customers who viewed a listing with a 3D model were 2x more likely to make a purchase after viewing the product in 3D or trying it on virtually.

# Brand Stores

Design a store for your brand. Create a free destination in the Amazon store to help customers explore your products and get to know your brand—no coding experience required.

- Learn more about Stores
- Watch overview

Brand Stores can help:

- Grow your brand awareness
- Increase your conversion rate

# Sponsored Brands

Help customers discover your brand. Create cost-per-click campaigns that appear in the Amazon store and feature a video or multiple products from your brand, along with a logo and headline.

- Learn more about Sponsored Brands
- Watch overview

Sponsored Brands can help:

- Grow your brand awareness
- Advertisers who used all Sponsored Brands ad formats saw 79% of their sales from new-to-brand customers on average.

# Posts

Expand your reach with engaging content. Create high-quality content that educates and inspires customers when it appears on Amazon product pages, content feeds for related categories, and in your own Brand Store.
---
# Learn more about Posts

Posts can help:

- Grow your brand awareness
- Shoppers who click on a Post run 45.1% more branded searches, leading to 22.7% more units purchased.

# Brand Analytics

Get actionable performance data

Make strategic decisions about your products and advertising using aggregated data from customer searches and purchasing behavior.

- Learn more about Brand Analytics
- Watch overview

Brand Analytics can help:

- Grow your brand awareness
- Improve your consideration
- Increase your conversion rate
- Build your brand loyalty

# Brand Metrics

Understand how your ads reach customers

Use key data points to optimize ads in the Amazon store. Understand awareness and consideration for your brand, and monitor your performance within product categories.

- Learn more about Brand Metrics

Brand Metrics can help:

- Grow your brand awareness

# Amazon Vine

Get insightful customer reviews

Generate reviews for your brand’s products to improve customer trust, drive sales, and receive honest feedback early in your product’s lifecycle.
---
# Learn more about Amazon Vine

Watch tutorial

Amazon Vine can help:

- Improve your consideration
- Customer Reviews

Track and manage product reviews

Easily track reviews for your brand’s products and offer buyers a solution when reviews have a 1 to 3-star rating.

# Learn more about Customer Reviews

Watch tutorial

Customer Reviews can help:

- Improve your consideration
- A product’s first review has been shown to increase sales by up to 3.5x

# Brand Tailored Promotions

Create tailored discounts and offers

Create exclusive discounts ranging from 10% to 50% for brand followers or recent, repeat, or high-spend customers.

# Learn more about Brand Tailored Promotions

Watch tutorial

Brand Tailored Promotions can help:

- Improve your consideration
- Build your brand loyalty

# Amazon Live

Help customers interact with your brand

Build an audience for your brand with your own shoppable livestream content. Engage shoppers in real time and help them follow your brand.

# Learn more about Amazon Live
---
# Amazon Live can help:

Improve your consideration

Sponsored Display
Use machine learning to reach customers

Create cost-per-click (CPC) campaigns that appear in and beyond the Amazon store and feature a product from your catalog.

Learn more about Sponsored Display Watch overview

Sponsored Display can help:
Improve your consideration
Advertisers who use Sponsored Display audiences see up to 82% of peir sales driven by new-to-brand customers on average.

Sponsored Products

Advertise in the Amazon store

Create cost-per-click (CPC) campaigns that appear in the Amazon store and feature a product from your catalog. Create a campaign in minutes, even if you’ve never advertised before.

Learn more about Sponsored Products Watch tutorial

Sponsored Products can help:
Increase your conversion rate
Products saw an average weekly +40% lift in units ordered wipin pe first year after launching a Sponsored Products campaign.

Manage Your Experiments

Test and optimize your product listings

Run A/B tests on your product titles, descriptions, main or secondary images, and A+ Content to see what drives more sales.

Learn more about Manage Your Experiments Watch overview
---
# Manage Your Experiments

Manage Your Experiments can help:

- Increase your conversion rate

Knowing what content drives conversion and implementing changes to your listings based on optimized content can increase sales by up to 25%.

# Brand Referral Bonus

Earn bonuses for marketing your products

Earn credits and improve your advertising return by driving purchases of your brand’s products using non-Amazon advertising.

- Learn more about Brand Referral Bonus
- Watch tutorial

Brand Referral Bonus can help:

- Increase your conversion rate
- Earn a bonus averaging up to 50% of the referral fees of product sales driven to Amazon.

# Virtual Bundles

Make it easier to buy more products

Group and sell multiple products on a single product detail page to make it easier for customers to discover and buy more items from your brand.

- Learn more about Virtual Bundles
- Watch overview

Virtual Bundles can help:

- Increase your conversion rate

# Amazon Attribution

Get insights into your non-Amazon marketing

Measure how your non-Amazon advertising impacts your brand’s shopping activity and sales in the Amazon store.

- Learn more about Amazon Attribution
- Watch overview
---
# Amazon Attribution can help:

Advertises who engage consumers
Increase your conversion rate across 3 or more channels experience 250% higher engagement and purchase rates pan pose using single-channel campaigns.

Subscribe & Save

- Automate repeat purchases
- Encourage repeat purchases by offering discounts on your brand's products.

Learn more about Subscribe & Save Watch overview

# Subscribe & Save can help:

Build your brand loyalty
Subscribe & Save products wip a 10%-15% discount can drive up to a 1.8x increase in conversion on average.

Product Lifecycle Support

- Offer post-purchase product support
- Reduce returns and increase customer satisfaction by providing buyers with written instructions, video, manufacturer information, or replacement parts.

Learn more about Product Lifecycle Support

# Product Lifecycle Support can help:

- Build your brand loyalty

Buy with Prime

- Offer Prime shopping benefits from your site
- Display the Prime logo and delivery promise on your own website to encourage shoppers with fast delivery and free returns.
---
# Learn more about Buy with Prime

Buy with Prime can help:

- Build your brand loyalty

On average, merchants experienced a 25% increase in shopper conversion with Buy with Prime.

# Multi-Channel Fulfillment

Use FBA inventory for your other sales channels

Get low-cost, reliable fulfillment for your own website and other ecommerce sales channels, as fast as two days.

# Learn more about Multi-Channel Fulfillment

Multi-Channel Fulfillment can help:

- Build your brand loyalty

Multi-Channel Fulfillment has a >97% on-time delivery rate.

Protect your brand

After enrolling your brand in Amazon Brand Registry, you can enjoy peace of mind by taking advantage of layers of additional IP protection.

Automatically benefit from machine learning and proactive protections that help block and prevent inaccurate product information, counterfeits, fraud, abuse, and bad actors—before they impact your brand and customers.

Track stats and insights related to your brand’s protection and monitor the impact of your infringement notices.

If you meet additional requirements, you can access advanced protection tools and programs.

At Amazon, we work hard to earn and maintain customer trust and are constantly innovating to prevent counterfeit products from reaching customers. Read our full report to learn more about our latest innovations.

Read the Brand Protection report

Report a Violation

Report suspected infringement
---
# Use our self-service tool to search the Amazon catalog for potential violations of your active trademarks, copyrights, and patents. Should you find a suspected infringement, you can submit a report. Each report strengthens our machine learning and automated protections. Accurate use of Report a Violation also helps you become eligible for Project Zero.

Learn more about Report a Violation

In 2023, more than 99% of blocked or removed listings were found by Brand Registry’s proactive controls, before a brand had to find and report them.

# Enroll your brand

# Build your brand

# Protect your brand

# Project Zero

FAQs

Drive counterfeits to zero

Get the unprecedented ability to immediately remove counterfeit listings from the Amazon store. Each removal strengthens our machine learning and automated protections and can help us identify bad actors as targets for prosecution.

Learn more about Project Zero

Watch overview

Over 25,000 brands have enrolled in Project Zero.

# Transparency

Authenticate every item

Use unique codes to authenticate individual units, stop inaccurate and counterfeit products, improve customer engagement, and get valuable insights that can optimize your supply chain.

Learn more about Transparency

Watch overview

Over 1.6 billion product units have been protected with Transparency.

# Counterfeit Crimes Unit

Stop bad actors

Work with law enforcement, customers, and our global team to stop bad actors and hold them accountable.
---
# Learn more about Counterfeit Crimes Unit

Watch overview

Amazon has pursued more than 21,000 criminals through litigation and criminal referrals to law enforcement.

Did you know?

We can help with patent disputes

After enrolling in Brand Registry, you can access a faster and less expensive way to handle patent disputes. We use neutral third-party evaluators to determine whether a utility patent has been infringed. The decision will be enforced in our US store.

Learn more

# Frequently Asked Questions

Don’t see your question below? See our other Brand Registry FAQs (login required).

# What are the full requirements for enrolling a brand in Brand Registry?

To enroll in Brand Registry:

- You must have a brand name, or a logo that includes your brand name, permanently affixed to your products or packaging. During enrollment, you will need to provide images that show your brand name or logo on your products or packaging.
- You must have an active, registered trademark or a pending trademark application for your brand name or logo that’s issued by the designated government trademark office of a country with a corresponding Amazon store. In some cases, you may also enroll with a pending trademark registration. See country-specific requirements (login required).
- You must be the trademark owner. If you are an authorized agent, have the trademark owner enroll the brand, then add you as an additional Brand Registry account user.
- The trademark for your brand must be in the form of a text-based mark (word mark) or an image-based mark with words, letters, or numbers (design mark). Note that trademarks can have different classifications based on their issuing trademark office.
- Your trademark text must match the brand name on your Brand Registry application. If your trademark is an image-based mark with words, letters, or numbers, you will need to upload a copy of the image during enrollment. It should match your trademark record exactly.
- You must have the trademark registration or application number provided by the designated government office.
- You must have a list of product categories in which your brand should be listed.
- If you have a Seller Central or Vendor Central account, use the same username and password to create your Brand Registry account.

# Do I need to create multiple Brand Registry accounts if I sell in more than one country?

No. You can create a single, global account with Brand Registry. During enrollment, you’ll only be able to select a single country-based trademark office. But you’ll be able add trademarks for the
---
offices of other countries after your enrollment has been approved. We recommend submitting trademarks for each country-based Amazon store you want to sell in.

Can I enroll more than one brand?

Yes. After enrolling your first brand, you can enroll additional brands from your Brand Registry homepage by clicking Enroll a new brand.

I’m trying to enroll in Amazon Brand Registry. Why am I receiving an error message?

See our list of error messages, explanations, and next steps (login required).

How do I view or edit my Brand Registry application?

To view the status of an application, visit the Brand Applications page. You can also edit an application that you haven’t yet submitted, add documents to a submitted application, or copy and correct a rejected application.

Learn more about the Brand Registry application process (login required)

Can I provide others with access to the Brand Registry portal?

Yes. After enrolling your brand in Brand Registry, you’re automatically assigned the roles of “rights owner” and “administrator.” You can invite additional users to your brand and assign them roles.

Learn more about Brand Registry roles (login required)

Can I add a new trademark for a brand I’ve already enrolled?

Yes. Follow these steps:

1. Click Manage in pe Brand Registry main menu, pen click Manage intellectual property.
2. Select pe brand name from pe drop-down menu, pen click Connect a trademark.
3. For a single trademark, enter pe required trademark information, pen click Connect trademark.
4. For 10 or more trademarks, click Connect multiple trademarks, download pe template, enter pe required information, pen upload your completed template.

Learn more about additional trademarks (login required)

Can Brand Registry help with utility patent disputes?

Yes. For US brands with a utility patent, Brand Registry offers a neutral evaluation process within the Report a Violation tool. The Amazon Patent Evaluation Express program brings in neutral third-party evaluators who are attorneys skilled in patent analysis, to decide whether an asserted utility patent is infringed.

The process is an efficient means for utility patent owners and those accused of patent infringement to address their concerns. It is faster than the court system and is free for the party that the evaluator determines is correct.

Once a report is submitted, we notify sellers who have listings for reported products so they can participate in an evaluation and defend their claim if they choose.

Participation in an evaluation requires both parties to deposit $4,000 with the neutral evaluator. Amazon does not handle the deposit and does not retain any portion of the evaluator’s fee. The evaluator reviews submissions and determines whether the reported listings infringe the patent.

Amazon follows the decision of the evaluator. The winning participant receives their $4,000 deposit
---
# back. If the evaluator determines the reported products infringe, Amazon removes them. If the evaluator finds in the seller’s favor, Amazon takes no action.

Once an evaluation is complete, if an application meets the criteria, utility patent owners are granted an Amazon Patent Evaluation Express ID associated with this decision. Brands can use the ID from the winning evaluation to report future infringement of that patent through Report a Violation.

# What are Amazon’s policies on intellectual property and brand names?

Review our Intellectual Property Policy for Sellers and the Amazon Brand Name Policy.

# How can I report policy violations or other forms of abuse not related to intellectual property?

You can use the Report abuse tool to report inaccurate listing information, violations of Amazon policy, and other issues.

Amazon also provides a publicly available form for reporting alleged intellectual property infringements such as copyright, trademark, and patent concerns.

# Launch your brand with Amazon

Enroll your brand in Amazon Brand Registry to become eligible to activate a suite of brand-building tools and protection benefits.

Log in to Brand Registry

New to Brand Registry? Enroll your brand

|1|2|
|---|---|
| |2023 Brand Protection Report | Amazon internal data, 2022|

English | United States | Feedback

# Sell with Amazon

Selling Programs | Amazon for Brands | Resources | Tools

Sell online | Fulfillment by Amazon | Online store builder | Selling Partner Blog | Login to your seller account

How to sell on Amazon | Amazon Advertising | Global selling | Amazon Business | Amazon Brand Registry | Seller University | Seller Central Help | Amazon Seller App

How much does it cost? | Product ideas | Black Business Accelerator | More programs | A+ Content | Brand management | Product reviews | Customer Behavior | Analytics | More ways to make money | Seller FAQs | Accelerate Seller Event | Seller Central | Selling Partner Appstore | Find products to sell | Revenue calculator

Sell books online
---
Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  © 2024, Amazon.com Services LLC.